README.md, before:

hack-clock
==========

A hackable alarm clock, made for experimentation to learn GPIO and programming.

Project page detailing out the hardware build is available at http://hackaday.io/project/3413-hack-ready-alarm-clock

Lessons and tutorials are coming soon.

Installation
------------

1. Make sure your Raspberry Pi is up to date with the latest packages & firmware.
2. Enable I2C using raspi-config. It's listed under the advanced options.
3. sudo apt-get install python-distribute python-dev
4. sudo easy_install pip
5. Clone this repository or download the .ZIP, which will include the clock controller and some admin configs/scripts
6. Install hack-clock's dependencies using pip install -r requirements.txt
7. Start the app using `sudo python ./run_clock.py`

I'm working on simplifying the installation process and getting rid of the sudo requirement.

License
=======

License is Apache Public License 2.0 (APL 2) unless otherwise noted. The Adafruit
libraries are licensed separately, see Adafruit/README.md for details.

Commit message:

More legitimate runtime settings, permitting pi to use I2C and starting at boot

README.md, after:

hack-clock
==========

A hackable alarm clock, made for experimentation to learn GPIO and programming.

Project page detailing out the hardware build is available at http://hackaday.io/project/3413-hack-ready-alarm-clock

Lessons and tutorials are coming soon.

Installation
------------

1. Make sure your Raspberry Pi is up to date with the latest packages & firmware.
2. Enable I2C using raspi-config. It's listed under the advanced options.
3. Ensure the pi user is added to the i2c group in /etc/group - there should be a line at the bottom of the file that looks like `i2c:x:110:pi`
4. sudo apt-get install python-distribute python-dev
5. sudo easy_install pip
6. Clone this repository or download the .ZIP, which will include the clock controller and some admin configs/scripts
7. Install hack-clock's dependencies using pip install -r requirements.txt
8. Copy the startup script `hack-clock` into the directory `/etc/init.d`
9. Ensure the clock starts at boot using the command `sudo update-rc.d hack-clock defaults`
10. Start the app using `sudo service hack-clock start`

License
=======

License is Apache Public License 2.0 (APL 2) unless otherwise noted. The Adafruit
libraries are licensed separately, see Adafruit/README.md for details.
